Expand `Client/Beatmap editor/AiMod` (#9143)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Client/Beatmap_editor/AiMod/en.md

#### All

| Message | Explanation | Solution | Notes |
| :-- | :-- | :-- | :-- |

> | No problems were found in this map! | *Self-explanatory* | Your beatmap is good to go! You may [upload your beatmap using BSS](/wiki/Beatmapping/Beatmap_submission) to allow modders to find other mistakes and issues with your beatmap. |  |

Reviewer: i think it would be better to just have these be empty in this case

```suggestion
| No problems were found in this map! |  | Your beatmap is good to go! You may [upload your beatmap using BSS](/wiki/Beatmapping/Beatmap_submission) to allow modders to find other mistakes and issues with your beatmap. |  |
```

Author: hmm i'm going to keep this one i think, without the \*self-explanatory\* disclaimers the page doesn't sit quite right for me :(

#### Meta

| Message | Explanation | Solution | Notes |
| :-- | :-- | :-- |  :-- |
| HP rate for Easy/Normal is suggested to be at least 4. | *Self-explanatory* | Set the `HP Drain Rate` in the Difficulty tab of [Song Setup](/wiki/Client/Beatmap_editor/Song_Setup) to 4 or higher. | ![](/wiki/shared/mode/mania.png) osu!mania maps only |
| HP rate for Hard and up is suggested to be at least 7. | *Self-explanatory* | Set the `HP Drain Rate` in the Difficulty tab of [Song Setup](/wiki/Client/Beatmap_editor/Song_Setup) to 7 or higher. | ![](/wiki/shared/mode/mania.png) osu!mania maps only |
| OD rate is suggested to be at least 5. | *Self-explanatory* | Set the `Overall Difficulty` in the Difficulty tab of [Song Setup](/wiki/Client/Beatmap_editor/Song_Setup) to 5 or higher. | ![](/wiki/shared/mode/mania.png) osu!mania maps only. This warning can safely be ignored if the usage of the low Overall Difficulty in question is intended. |

> | OD rate for maps with very few sliders is suggested to be at least 7. | *Self-explanatory* | Set the `Overall Difficulty` in the Difficulty tab of [Song Setup](/wiki/Client/Beatmap_editor/Song_Setup) to 7 or higher. | ![](/wiki/shared/mode/mania.png) osu!mania maps only. This warning can safely be ignored if the usage of the low Overall Difficulty in question is intended. |

Reviewer: od, ar, cs etc. when expanded shouldn't be capitalised

```suggestion
| OD rate for maps with very few sliders is suggested to be at least 7. | *Self-explanatory* | Set the `Overall Difficulty` in the `Difficulty` tab of [Song Setup](/wiki/Client/Beatmap_editor/Song_Setup) to 7 or higher. | ![](/wiki/shared/mode/mania.png) osu!mania maps only. This warning can safely be ignored if the usage of the low overall difficulty in question is intended. |
```

| <!-- Both seem to occur, not sure what changes the value -->OD rate for maps with very few sliders is suggested to be at least 8. | *Self-explanatory* | Set the `Overall Difficulty` in the Difficulty tab of [Song Setup](/wiki/Client/Beatmap_editor/Song_Setup) to 8 or higher. | ![](/wiki/shared/mode/mania.png) osu!mania maps only. This warning can safely be ignored if the usage of the low Overall Difficulty in question is intended. |

> | The Slider Velocity should be 1.40 or 1.60. | *Self-explanatory* | Go to Timing tab and set the `Slider Velocity:` to either 1.40 or 1.60. | ![](/wiki/shared/mode/mania.png) osu!mania maps only |

Reviewer 2: Should be "osu!taiko and osu!mania maps only"?

I tried to set SV in osu!taiko maps, and the editor shows the exact message.
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/110881926/231486412-1620e26b-d4ea-493f-b94c-7ffb97178069.png)

Reviewer 3: It should be osu!taiko only not mania

Author: changed, thank you!

> | The Slider Velocity should be 1.40 or 1.60. | *Self-explanatory* | Go to Timing tab and set the `Slider Velocity:` to either 1.40 or 1.60. | ![](/wiki/shared/mode/taiko.png) osu!taiko maps only |

Author: added explanation

### Errors

#### Compose

| Message | Explanation | Solution | Notes |
| :-- | :-- | :-- |  :-- |

> | These two objects are less than 10ms apart! | Two objects are placed very close to each other timeline-wise, requiring the player to click both objects almost simultaneously. | Find the two objects and either move or delete one of them. | |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| These two objects are less than 10 ms apart! | Two objects are placed very close to each other timeline-wise, requiring the player to click both objects almost simultaneously. | Find the two objects and either move or delete one of them. | |
```

| This object is stacked on top of another object. | Two objects are stacked on top of each other on the same column in time, rendering the map impossible to SS. | Find the stacked keys or hold notes and either move or delete one of them. | ![](/wiki/shared/mode/mania.png) osu!mania maps only |
| More than 6 notes simultaneously is not allowed. | One or more patterns in the map requires the player to actively press more than 6 keys at a time. On certain cases, this is discouraged by the [osu!mania ranking criteria](/wiki/Ranking_Criteria/osu!mania) as most keyboards can only allow up to 6 key presses at once due to a phenomenon known as [ghosting](https://nelson-miller.com/what-is-keyboard-ghosting-and-how-do-you-prevent-it/). | Check your beatmap to make sure that each column has at most 6 simultaneous note presses. | ![](/wiki/shared/mode/mania.png) osu!mania maps only |

#### Design

| Message | Explanation | Solution | Notes |
| :-- | :-- | :-- |  :-- |

> | Your beatmap has no background image. | *Self-explanatory* | Find a suitable image and use it as the background image. | Videos don't count as background images because the user isn't required to download them. |

Reviewer: contractions shouldn't be used in wiki articles

```suggestion
| Your beatmap has no background image. | *Self-explanatory* | Find a suitable image and use it as the background image. | Videos do not count as background images because the user is not required to download them. |
```

> | Your beatmap has no background image. | *Self-explanatory* | Find a suitable image and use it as the background image. | Videos do not count as background images because the user is not required to download them. |

Author: yeah added clarification that this warning checks for each difficulty instead of the entire map

| Object is offscreen! | The object is not on-screen (whether fully or partially) on 4:3 resolution. | Remove or move the object. | AiMod doesn't always detect the upper bounds of the playfield properly, so make sure to verify whether the object in question is actually offscreen or not from time to time. |
| This object is too close to the previous object. | *Self-explanatory* | Move the object further away from the previous one. | Only visible with the `Check distance snap` option enabled. |
| This object is too far from the previous object. | *Self-explanatory* | Move the object closer to the previous one. | Only visible with the `Check distance snap` option enabled. |
| This spinner is too short. Auto must achieve at least 1000 bonus points on spinners. | The specified spinner is too short, rendering it unable to properly function as a spinner. | Extend the length of the spinner. | |
| Spinners must have a new combo. | *Self-explanatory* | Manually add a new combo to the spinner. | |

> | <!-- Potential removal? Wasn't able to make an actual object (not including slider ends) go offscreen as editor forced it back in again -->Object isn't snapped! | The specified object isn't snapped onto the timeline. | Snap the object properly to its intended position on the timeline. If you have made changes to the song's timing beforehand, you may need to resnap all objects in order by clicking `Timing` » `Resnap all notes`. | This warning can safely be ignored if the object is intended to be snapped to a [divisor](/wiki/Client/Beatmap_editor/Beat_Snap_Divisor) that's not currently supported by the editor (e.g. 1/10). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| <!-- Potential removal? Wasn't able to make an actual object (not including slider ends) go offscreen as editor forced it back in again -->Object isn't snapped! | The specified object isn't snapped onto the timeline. | Snap the object properly to its intended position on the timeline. If you have made changes to the song's timing beforehand, you may need to resnap all objects in order by clicking `Timing` > `Resnap all notes`. | This warning can safely be ignored if the object is intended to be snapped to a [divisor](/wiki/Client/Beatmap_editor/Beat_Snap_Divisor) that's not currently supported by the editor (e.g. 1/10). |
```

| <!-- Not sure how to test this one -->{0}'s dimensions must be {1}x{1} | The dimension of the specified design element does not match its intended default. | Resize the design element in question to its proper resolution. | |
| Your video's dimensions must not exceed 1024x768 for the 4:3 format. | *Self-explanatory* | Resize or replace the background video. | |
| Your video's dimensions must not exceed 1280x720 for the 16:9 format. | *Self-explanatory* | Resize or replace the background video. | |

#### Timing

| Message | Explanation | Solution | Notes |
| :-- | :-- | :-- |  :-- |
| This beatmap is over 6 minutes long. Consider shortening it if it's not a marathon-style map. | *Self-explanatory* | Add more breaks into the beatmap or cut the song. | This warning can safely be ignored if the length of the map in question is intended. |
| Your beatmap is shorter than 45 seconds. Consider making it longer. | *Self-explanatory* | Map out more parts of the song. | This warning can safely be ignored if the length of the map in question is intended. |

> | <!-- Potential removal? Not sure if this is broken, but AiMod doesn't seem to detect an issue when I use a 320Kbps audio file -->Audio bitrate is higher than 192kbps. Consider recompressing to CBR 192kbps or VBR ~1.0. | The beatmap's .mp3 file is encoded in a [bit rate](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bit_rate) that is higher than 192kbps, which goes above the [ranking criteria](/wiki/Ranking_Criteria)'s allowance. | Re-encode the .mp3 file so that its bit rate is between 128kbps and 192kbps (with 192kbps being the recommended option). | |

Reviewer: abbreviations of units after a number should be preceded by a space

```suggestion
| <!-- Potential removal? Not sure if this is broken, but AiMod doesn't seem to detect an issue when I use a 320 kbps audio file -->Audio bitrate is higher than 192 kbps. Consider recompressing to CBR 192 kbps or VBR ~1.0. | The beatmap's `.mp3` file is encoded in a [bit rate](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bit_rate) that is higher than 192 kbps, which goes above the [ranking criteria](/wiki/Ranking_Criteria)'s allowance. | Re-encode the `.mp3` file so that its bit rate is between 128 kbps and 192 kbps (with 192 kbps being the recommended option). | |
```

> | <!-- Same as above -->Audio bitrate is lower than 128 kbps. Consider finding a better quality source. | The beatmap's .mp3 file is encoded in a [bit rate](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bit_rate) that is lower than 128 kbps, which goes below the [ranking criteria](/wiki/Ranking_Criteria)'s allowance. | Change the .mp3 file to one with a higher bit rate. | |

Author: e i mean this warning technically exists in-game lol

made a disclaimer about this warning never appearing instead as i don't think removing this altogether isn't a good idea

| Kiai isn't snapped! | The specified kiai's starting point isn't snapped onto the timeline. | Snap the kiai's starting point properly to its intended position on the timeline. |
| Kiai's end isn't snapped! | The specified kiai's ending point isn't snapped onto the timeline. | Snap the kiai's ending point properly to its intended position on the timeline. |
| Breaktime is not suggested for mania maps. | *Self-explanatory* | Map out the part where the break time occurs. | ![](/wiki/shared/mode/mania.png) osu!mania maps only. This warning can safely be ignored if the usage of the break time in question is intended, or if the section of the song is otherwise unmappable. |
| <!-- Can't confirm -->Easy/Normal diff contains too many speed changes. | The Easy/Normal difficulty features a frequent amount of slider velocity changes, which is discouraged by the [ranking criteria](/wiki/Ranking_Criteria). | Reduce the number of slider velocity changes on the Easy/Normal difficulty in question. | |

> | <!-- Can't confirm -->Kiai is toggled very frequently! | *Self-explanatory* | Reduce the number of kiai occurrences throughout the map. | Also known as *kiai flashes*. This warning can safely be ignored if the kiai usage in question is intended. |

Reviewer 2: If set the timing like this, we can get this message.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/110881926/231488694-d3fea064-ae0f-4db9-89b7-390f171f61ba.png)

Author: yup but i'm not sure if there's anything worth changing here tho, since the solution is still the same (to reduce the number of kiai occurrences throughout the map) lol

Reviewer 4: this will also occur if multiple timing points (uninherited or inherited) are present in a kiai even if they do not toggle such kiai, you see this a lot in maps with frequent slider velocity changes, could be useful in the note?

| Countdown is not allowed in mania mode. | *Self-explanatory* | Uncheck the `Enable countdown` option in the Design tab of [Song Setup](/wiki/Client/Beatmap_editor/Song_Setup). | ![](/wiki/shared/mode/mania.png) osu!mania maps only |
| Letterboxing is not allowed in mania mode. | *Self-explanatory* | Uncheck the `Letterbox during breaks` option in the Design tab of [Song Setup](/wiki/Client/Beatmap_editor/Song_Setup). | ![](/wiki/shared/mode/mania.png) osu!mania maps only |
| <!-- potential removal? tried using countdown on taiko maps, and aimod does not complain -->Countdown is not allowed in taiko mode. | *Self-explanatory* | Uncheck the `Enable countdown` option in the Design tab of [Song Setup](/wiki/Client/Beatmap_editor/Song_Setup). | [](/wiki/shared/mode/taiko.png) osu!taiko maps only |

> | <!-- same as above -->Epilepsy warning is not allowed in taiko mode. | *Self-explanatory* | Uncheck the `Display epilepsy warning (storyboard has quick strobing)` option in the Design tab of [Song Setup](/wiki/Client/Beatmap_editor/Song_Setup). | [](/wiki/shared/mode/taiko.png) osu!taiko maps only |

Author: ya added disclaimer for these two as well

> | Epilepsy warning is not allowed in taiko mode. | *Self-explanatory* | Uncheck the `Display epilepsy warning (storyboard has quick strobing)` option in the Design tab of [Song Setup](/wiki/Client/Beatmap_editor/Song_Setup). | [](/wiki/shared/mode/taiko.png) osu!taiko maps only. This warning is based on an archaic ranking criteria rule which has since rendered obsolete. Thus, it can safely be ignored as the current [osu!taiko ranking criteria](/wiki/Ranking_Criteria/osu!taiko) mandates that epilepsy warning is necessary for maps with strobing videos or storyboards. |

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
| Epilepsy warning is not allowed in taiko mode. | *Self-explanatory* | Uncheck the `Display epilepsy warning (storyboard has quick strobing)` option in the Design tab of [Song Setup](/wiki/Client/Beatmap_editor/Song_Setup). | [](/wiki/shared/mode/taiko.png) osu!taiko maps only. This warning is based on an archaic ranking criteria rule which has since rendered obsolete. Thus, it can safely be ignored as the current [ranking criteria](/wiki/Ranking_Criteria) mandates that epilepsy warning is necessary for maps with strobing videos or storyboards. |
```
not a taiko thing, just general rc

| This mapset needs at least 2 osu!taiko diffs. | *Self-explanatory* | Create a second difficulty for the set. | [](/wiki/shared/mode/taiko.png) osu!taiko maps only. This warning is based on an ancient ranking criteria rule which has since rendered obsolete. Thus, it can safely be ignored as long as the map follows the [current ranking criteria's spread requirement](/wiki/Ranking_Criteria#beatmap). |
| This mapset needs at least 2 osu!catch diffs. | *Self-explanatory* | Create a second difficulty for the set. | [](/wiki/shared/mode/catch.png) osu!catch maps only. This warning is based on an ancient ranking criteria rule which has since rendered obsolete. Thus, it can safely be ignored as long as the map follows the [current ranking criteria's spread requirement](/wiki/Ranking_Criteria#beatmap). |

> | This mapset needs at least 2 osu!mania diffs. | *Self-explanatory* | Create a second difficulty for the set. | [](/wiki/shared/mode/mania.png) osu!mania maps only. This warning is based on an ancient ranking criteria rule which has since rendered obsolete. Thus, it can safely be ignored as long as the map follows the [current ranking criteria's spread requirement](/wiki/Ranking_Criteria#beatmap). |

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
| This mapset needs at least 2 osu!mania diffs. | *Self-explanatory* | Create a second difficulty for the set. | [](/wiki/shared/mode/mania.png) osu!mania maps only. This warning is based on an ancient ranking criteria rule which has since rendered obsolete. Thus, it can safely be ignored as long as the map follows the [current ranking criteria's spread requirement](/wiki/Ranking_Criteria/osu!mania#rules). |
```
osu!mania has different spread rules so should link to the specific page for those

Author: yup
